CASMTRIAGE-3258 - adding known issue for filling console log storage … (#1457)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: troubleshooting/known_issues/console_log_storage_filling.md

# Console logs fill all available storage space.
The log rotation functionality of the console logging services have a bug where

> the files are not rotated correctly.  This will lead to the logs continuing to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the files are not rotated correctly. This will lead to the logs continuing to
```

expand until eventually all space is consumed on the storage. This can lead to

> issues where the log files cease to capture log output and can sometimes lead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issues where the log files cease to capture log output, and can sometimes lead
```

> to the `cray-console-node` pods may not correctly connect to nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the `cray-console-node` pods failing to connect to nodes.
```

> To see if this is an issue, check the used space on the /var/log/ mount in the `cray-console-node` pods:

Reviewer: 1. Verify if the issue exists by checking the used space on the `/var/log/` mount in the `cray-console-node` pods:

   ```text
   ncn# kubectl -n services exec -it cray-console-node-0 -- sh
   sh-4.4$ df -h | grep var
   Filesystem                     Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
   /volumes/csi/csi-vol-ab81e37b  100G   99G  100G  99% /var/log
   ```

```text
ncn# kubectl -n services exec -it cray-console-node-0 -- sh
sh-4.4$ df -h | grep var
Filesystem                     Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
/volumes/csi/csi-vol-ab81e37b  100G   99G  100G  99% /var/log
```

> To resolve this issue, manually delete log files to clear up space:

Reviewer: 2. If the issue is identified, manually delete log files to clear up space.
    
   ```text
   ncn# kubectl -n services exec -it cray-console-node-0 -- sh
   sh-4.4$ rm -f /var/log/conman.old/*
   sh-4.4$ rm -f /var/log/conman/*
   sh-4.4$ exit
   ncn#
   ```

> # Console Logs Fill All Available Storage Space

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Console Logs Fill All Available Storage Space

```

The log rotation functionality of the console logging services have a bug where
the files are not rotated correctly. This will lead to the logs continuing to
expand until eventually all space is consumed on the storage. This can lead to
issues where the log files cease to capture log output, and can sometimes lead
to the `cray-console-node` pods failing to connect to nodes.

> ## Procedure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Procedure

```
